I want you to play a game with me ray I
don't want to play a game oh please no I
said playing game with me Raven wait
ugly I want you to imagine a character
your boss mickey piss you're too smart
to be blackmailing us Fletcher hey sweet
Mary Jane is my vice your boys on the
other hand is and always has been the
destroyer of worlds you're out of touch
and I would like you to consider an
offer
I am not for sale
the plot begins to thicken now I can't
be specific about the heroes and zeros
but our protagonist is a hungry animal
there is a lot of money hanging in the
balance our antagonist explodes on the
scene like a millennial firewall and has
indirectly started a war I think you
need to see this boss
[Music]
now they find it make inquiries his name
is we spoke with a PA so I was like
please sorry for the if you
smell smoke it's because there's a fire
do you get a stamp that how quickly
these people are gonna clean house and
you are part of that house in the jungle
only way a lion survives not by acting
like
by being the king
[Music]
it's really warming up now isn't it
design one role in this do you between
the lines hungry ease
[Music]
our associates are not so you killed
someone no it was the gravity that
killed him those phones this will not be
a war of heroes which is all to see this
is going to be fun the world burns you
have no idea of what men are capable of
we must do something I know you want to
fight
but there are other ways of doing your
duty you're going to need a suit come on
we are the first independent
intelligence agency preserving peace and
protecting life while governments wait
for orders our people take action
even minds at blood destruction now it's
time to shut a lot
[Music]
captain structure
my dear
[Music]
our enemies think we are gentlemen
but reputation is what people think of
you
character is what you are
I'm ready I'm just
[Music]
but ready I wish you'll see me
this is called a parachute it means that
one can jump out of a plane safely
[Music]
you know what a Harlequin is the
Harlequins role is to serve it's nothing
without a master no one gives two shits
who we are beyond death
the Joker and I broke up I did a fresh
start but it turns out I wasn't the only
daemon got them looking for emancipation
new screen she lost me
[Applause]
who are you guys
[Music]
you need
after all of us now
walking out of here
we should order pizza because
[Applause]
[Music]
because
who's having a good time
you psycho chick could never call a
woman chick I'll accept broth lady woman
but on occasion eh please have to
move that for anyway
is that why you think you do it for the
money
it's the game it's the adrenaline rush
what if it is
and we're tickety-boo
Thomas trading she's worth millions I'm
gonna take it off
seems like you've had quite a power nap
to last several items you know it's very
peculiar doing things you'd never
imagine secrets between you God the
devil and the dead
you're becoming a very good liar a good
liar rated R
[Music]
how's the call over there you really
ruining my slow right now you know that
we got an issue his movement man
[Music]
we have 15 minutes it's time hit it
hello boys
what if I told you I know what happens
when you die you become a ghost
by more criminal records no more office
parties first stupid wedding best part
of being dead is the freedom not
policies or politics no one touch his
mind we answer to no one you could take
out some truly evil people
[Music]
these people will declare today none of
us will be remembered it's about to
happen will you think sign here is the
better ones right
or no one
you they exist they can be made not
fighter jets
Lucy
sorry for yelling welcome to the world's
biggest magnet
[Music]
I'd work I mean I wasn't sure sure I had
a suspicion but I yeah this is all so
dangerous
you
let's get a new tape going all right
Richard here's what we're gonna do we
need a voice exemplar I want you to say
into this phone there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes
Richard your national hero now thank you
sir but I was just doing my job
you've always looked at the guy who
found the bomb just like you always look
at a guy found the body
jewel fits the profile of the lone
bomber a frustrated white man who is a
police wannabe who seeks to become a
hero we're running it you're a suspect
you don't talk I talk safe Auto tone
this might be the only way to clear your
name I want you to say there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes stop
trying to be the best friend I was
raised to respect authorities looking to
eat you alive there's a bomb in
Centennial Park we have 30 minutes I'm
sorry what his accusers are two of the
most powerful forces in the world the
United States government and the media
I do want to help y'all I'm law
enforcement too
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes Richard Jewell is an
innocent man he's a hero there is a bomb
in Centennial Park you have 30 minutes
one more times a little louder I report
the facts you've ruined this man's life
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes to a couple rooms
son saved people's lives
[Music]
there is a bomb in Centennial Park
in Centennial Park here in 30 minutes
I don't big how did to catch you
like your client is guilty as hell they
want to fry you
you ready to start fighting back
[Music]
like pick a man bring your kit I hope
today might be a good day hope is a
dangerous thing
you have a brother in the second
Battalion yes sir
they're walking into a trap your orders
are to deliver a message calling off
tomorrow morning's attack
if you fail
it will be a massacre let's talk about
this room minutes why
we've got August across here that is the
German frontline if we're not clever
about this no one will get to your
brother
Oh will
[Music]
there's only one way this ends
Last Man Standing
[Music]
we need to keep moving come on
possibly making that wait on you buddy
insane
[Music]
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 16 contract men no brother
among them good luck
hey I'm Haley
hello down the road Amelia you say
you're what like allergic to the world
right I guess you could say that they
looked everywhere for a doctor to help
you usually get better promise punished
hello Eli I'm dr. horn well I hope you
don't think of this as a medical
facility to me it's a home and for now
it's your home so everything we hoped
for is right here shall we begin
what do you think is making you sick
lots of things here water dust Eli's
gonna get worse before he gets better
gosh something in my room
bad dreams are a side effect it's
perfectly normal
I don't need to freak you out but this
place gives me the creeps I think she's
making me sicker
medicham no it's not the medication why
do I feel worse because if it's working
I think something bad is happening
[Music]
in danger
you're gonna get better promise
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction it is the true story of the life
I was about to lead
how is she very ill dangerously oh she's
dead
we're very sorry
I can easily recall people of strong
character warning the too early for
sherry a little early
[Music]
and we've their memory have been former
cue into my life's journey
we're ruined like a castle - how can we
be ruined like a big castle we keep him
as a little pale it was a joke I'm sorry
I've been attempting to learn
gentleman's humor from a book
[Music]
it's cause for celebration Fred
this is a remarkable day did you a that
huge maniac fatherhood thanks and we
have had huh
what are you doing medicine reviving you
this is salad dressing it
thank you sir what was your name
Copperfield Copperfield Copperfield mrs.
crupp with Trotter field
David Copperfield kind it's time to
introduce myself
[Music]
just three ounces of pressure to the
vagus nerve and then look at your boy
sleepy night night Blanche sterling a
legendary spy who's always dressed to
impress
Walter Beckett graduated MIT at 15 and
works in the tech innovations lab there
are so many gadgets I want to test in
the field for example the inflatable
hook kind of a personal protection
device I've been developing this is a
vile waste of taxpayer dollars this is
your next objective none of our agents
can get close to him
[Music]
I have something that can help it's
called biodynamic concealment imagine if
I can make you disappear hey Lance look
at me look at you I can see my butt and
your face at the same time that is so
cool being a pigeon could make you an
even better spy pigeons are everywhere
nobody notices them and pigeons can see
in slow motion
that was tight did anyone else see a
pigeon and pigeons can fly up to 92
miles per hour don't you throw me
officers he'll figure it out
all right Kimora starting it's about to
get messy
time to go sleepy night-night
I miss my hands I gotta stay
you're squeezing - OH
what happens in a submarine stays in a
submarine - coochie
that's her aren't you vitals stable
require money
Jonny URI Jonah Pangaea was her
cousin Tyrone who didn't let him kill a
you know yet hot as my mom's to
the predict boxing condoms utter so I'm
gonna push yourself when he was named
ascetic
they only taste
whoo parched
that is Hannah McDonald
- Monday
- I'm Akira imagine whoa
[Music]
[Applause]
thus had very big plans
he wanted to revolutionize music as it
sounds the night that he was born and
looked at me he's big I was just like a
little kid like seven eight months ago
I'm not really like a professional
musician have this good speaking into
microphone these songs his truth they
are
apparently got a Wikipedia page on the
alternative rock R&B hip-hop track elope
[Applause]
[Music]
we just know off rent that this person's
of stars there was something very
innocent he didn't really understand why
there was such interest in him
ridiculous now you have everybody coming
around you for all the wrong reasons
didn't ever tell people to leave saying
they lose somebody to him was like
hurting them was anxious about not being
able to be enough for everyone if you
leave me in real life you'll find out I
have a lot of insecurities
they just get worse because of the
traveling and the touring and the
pressure yeah being Saudis just gets
worse he fought his way through a lot of
pain this much sup baby and I gotta go I
me further shows now why you cry a body
crying I feel like I never tired
I feel like I'm still alive
[Music]